═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
REPORTE DE RENDIMIENTO DEL SISTEMA PRO
Generado: Sat Aug  2 21:47:11 EDT 2025
Sistema: macos
Directorio: /Users/yunyminaya/Wedmin Y Virtualmin
═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

ESTADÍSTICAS DEL SISTEMA:
CPU: 8.4%
Disco: 

SCRIPTS DISPONIBLES:
activar_ssh_forzado.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
activar_ssh_macos.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
actualizar_sistema.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
agente_devops_webmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
analisis_codigo_funciones.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
configuracion_post_instalacion.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
configurar_agente_devops.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
coordinador_sub_agentes.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
corregir_advertencias.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
corregir_asistente_postinstalacion.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
corregir_error_postfix.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
corregir_problemas_seguridad.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
corregir_rutas_webmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
demo_instalacion_un_comando.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
demo_instalador_unico.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
desinstalar.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
devops_master.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
diagnosticar_y_corregir_errores.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
diagnostico_completo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
diagnostico_servidores_virtuales.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
diagnostico_ubuntu_webmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
generar_informe_seguridad_completo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
generar_reporte_devops_final.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
github_webhook_integration.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalacion_completa_automatica.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalacion_macos.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalacion_un_comando.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalacion_unificada.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalador_webmin_virtualmin_corregido.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalar_devops_completo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalar_integracion.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalar_postfix.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalar_webmin_virtualmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalar.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
integrar_validaciones_postfix.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
monitor_despliegues.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
monitoreo_sistema.sh (-rwx--x--x@)
optimizacion_servidor_autonomo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
postfix_validation_functions.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
programar_verificacion_seguridad.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
reparador_ubuntu_webmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
resumen_final_traducciones.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
resumen_instalacion_un_comando.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
revision_completa_sistema.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
revision_funciones_webmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
servidor_publico_autonomo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_actualizaciones.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_backup.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_especialista_codigo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_ingeniero_codigo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_logs.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_monitoreo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_optimizador.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_seguridad.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_verificador_backup.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
test_instalacion_completa.sh (-rwx--x--x@)
test_ssh_credentials.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificacion_completa_funciones.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificacion_final_autonomo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificacion_rapida_estado.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificador_servicios.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_actualizaciones.sh (-rwx--x--x@)
verificar_asistente_wizard.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_instalacion_un_comando.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_postfix_webmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_seguridad_completa.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_sistema_pro.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
virtualmin_postfix_check.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
webmin_postfix_check.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)

TEMAS Y EXTENSIONES:
✅ Authentic Theme:       55 archivos
✅ Virtualmin GPL:      274 módulos

FUNCIONES CRÍTICAS:
activar_ssh_forzado.sh: 0
0 funciones
activar_ssh_macos.sh: 1 funciones
actualizar_sistema.sh: 18 funciones
agente_devops_webmin.sh: 27 funciones
analisis_codigo_funciones.sh: 18 funciones
configuracion_post_instalacion.sh: 17 funciones
configurar_agente_devops.sh: 17 funciones
coordinador_sub_agentes.sh: 11 funciones
corregir_advertencias.sh: 13 funciones
corregir_asistente_postinstalacion.sh: 7 funciones
corregir_error_postfix.sh: 21 funciones
corregir_problemas_seguridad.sh: 19 funciones
corregir_rutas_webmin.sh: 6 funciones
demo_instalacion_un_comando.sh: 11 funciones
demo_instalador_unico.sh: 9 funciones
desinstalar.sh: 16 funciones
devops_master.sh: 18 funciones
diagnosticar_y_corregir_errores.sh: 11 funciones
diagnostico_completo.sh: 20 funciones
diagnostico_servidores_virtuales.sh: 14 funciones
diagnostico_ubuntu_webmin.sh: 20 funciones
generar_informe_seguridad_completo.sh: 18 funciones
generar_reporte_devops_final.sh: 16 funciones
github_webhook_integration.sh: 16 funciones
instalacion_completa_automatica.sh: 17 funciones
instalacion_macos.sh: 14 funciones
instalacion_un_comando.sh: 20 funciones
instalacion_unificada.sh: 19 funciones
instalador_webmin_virtualmin_corregido.sh: 19 funciones
instalar_devops_completo.sh: 16 funciones
instalar_integracion.sh: 12 funciones
instalar_postfix.sh: 5 funciones
instalar_webmin_virtualmin.sh: 4 funciones
instalar.sh: 13 funciones
integrar_validaciones_postfix.sh: 23 funciones
monitor_despliegues.sh: 21 funciones
monitoreo_sistema.sh: 20 funciones
optimizacion_servidor_autonomo.sh: 22 funciones
postfix_validation_functions.sh: 8 funciones
programar_verificacion_seguridad.sh: 12 funciones
reparador_ubuntu_webmin.sh: 18 funciones
resumen_final_traducciones.sh: 9 funciones
resumen_instalacion_un_comando.sh: 9 funciones
revision_completa_sistema.sh: 17 funciones
revision_funciones_webmin.sh: 16 funciones
servidor_publico_autonomo.sh: 15 funciones
sub_agente_actualizaciones.sh: 12 funciones
sub_agente_backup.sh: 12 funciones
sub_agente_especialista_codigo.sh: 27 funciones
sub_agente_ingeniero_codigo.sh: 39 funciones
sub_agente_logs.sh: 14 funciones
sub_agente_monitoreo.sh: 9 funciones
sub_agente_optimizador.sh: 16 funciones
sub_agente_seguridad.sh: 12 funciones
sub_agente_verificador_backup.sh: 17 funciones
test_instalacion_completa.sh: 14 funciones
test_ssh_credentials.sh: 2 funciones
verificacion_completa_funciones.sh: 24 funciones
verificacion_final_autonomo.sh: 22 funciones
verificacion_rapida_estado.sh: 12 funciones
verificador_servicios.sh: 3 funciones
verificar_actualizaciones.sh: 16 funciones
verificar_asistente_wizard.sh: 12 funciones
verificar_instalacion_un_comando.sh: 19 funciones
verificar_postfix_webmin.sh: 17 funciones
verificar_seguridad_completa.sh: 22 funciones
verificar_sistema_pro.sh: 14 funciones
virtualmin_postfix_check.sh: 2 funciones
webmin_postfix_check.sh: 1 funciones
