═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
REPORTE DE RENDIMIENTO DEL SISTEMA PRO
Generado: Tue Aug 12 12:27:34 EDT 2025
Sistema: macos
Directorio: /Users/yunyminaya/Wedmin Y Virtualmin
═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════

ESTADÍSTICAS DEL SISTEMA:
CPU: 7.16%
Disco: 

SCRIPTS DISPONIBLES:
activar_ssh_forzado.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
activar_ssh_macos.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
actualizar_sistema.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
agente_devops_webmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
agregar_funciones_pro_faltantes.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
alta_disponibilidad_tunnel.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
analisis_codigo_funciones.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
aplicar_configuraciones_seguridad.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
asegurar_paneles_webmin_virtualmin.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
completar_seguridad_macos.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
completar_seguridad_webmin_virtualmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
configuracion_personalizada.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
configuracion_post_instalacion.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
configurar_agente_devops.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
coordinador_sub_agentes.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
correccion_markdown.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
correccion_total_errores.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
corregir_advertencias.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
corregir_asistente_postinstalacion.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
corregir_error_postfix.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
corregir_problemas_seguridad.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
corregir_rutas_webmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
desinstalar.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
devops_master.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
diagnosticar_y_corregir_errores.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
diagnostico_completo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
diagnostico_servidores_virtuales.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
diagnostico_ubuntu_webmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
generar_informe_seguridad_completo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
generar_reporte_devops_final.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
github_webhook_integration.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
implementar_seguridad_pro_completa.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
implementar_seguridad_pro_macos.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalacion_github_unico.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
instalacion_sistema_mejorado.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
instalacion_un_comando.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalador_webmin_virtualmin_corregido.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalar_devops_completo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalar_integracion.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalar_modulos_faltantes.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
instalar_postfix.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalar_webmin_virtualmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
instalar.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
integrar_validaciones_postfix.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
limpiar_duplicados_seguro.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
mantenimiento_sistema.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
monitor_despliegues.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
monitoreo_sistema.sh (-rwx--x--x@)
optimizacion_servidor_autonomo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
orquestador_seguridad_pro.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
orquestador_verificacion_pro.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
postfix_validation_functions.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
programar_verificacion_seguridad.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
remediacion_total_webmin_virtualmin.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
reparador_ubuntu_webmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
revision_completa_master.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
revision_completa_sistema.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
revision_funciones_webmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
seguridad_avanzada_tunnel.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
servidor_publico_autonomo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_actualizaciones.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_especialista_codigo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_ingeniero_codigo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_logs.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_monitoreo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_optimizador.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
sub_agente_seguridad.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
test_funciones_macos.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
test_sistema_completo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
validacion_final_sistema.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificacion_completa_funciones.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificacion_final_autonomo.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificacion_final_completa_ubuntu_debian.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificacion_final_completa.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificacion_profunda_paneles.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificacion_rapida_estado.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificacion_seguridad_produccion.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificacion_total_automatizada.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
verificador_servicios.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_actualizaciones.sh (-rwx--x--x@)
verificar_asistente_wizard.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_funcionamiento_completo_ubuntu_debian.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
verificar_funciones_pro_completas.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_funciones_pro_nativas.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_instalacion_un_comando.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_postfix_webmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_pro_simple.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_seguridad_completa.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_seguridad_webmin_virtualmin.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_sistema_pro.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
verificar_tunel_automatico_mejorado.sh (-rw-r--r--@)
verificar_tunel_automatico.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
virtualmin_postfix_check.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)
webmin_postfix_check.sh (-rwxr-xr-x@)

TEMAS Y EXTENSIONES:
✅ Authentic Theme:       52 archivos
✅ Virtualmin GPL:      271 módulos

FUNCIONES CRÍTICAS:
activar_ssh_forzado.sh: 0
0 funciones
activar_ssh_macos.sh: 1 funciones
actualizar_sistema.sh: 18 funciones
agente_devops_webmin.sh: 27 funciones
agregar_funciones_pro_faltantes.sh: 11 funciones
alta_disponibilidad_tunnel.sh: 40 funciones
analisis_codigo_funciones.sh: 18 funciones
aplicar_configuraciones_seguridad.sh: 12 funciones
asegurar_paneles_webmin_virtualmin.sh: 12 funciones
completar_seguridad_macos.sh: 12 funciones
completar_seguridad_webmin_virtualmin.sh: 12 funciones
configuracion_personalizada.sh: 16 funciones
configuracion_post_instalacion.sh: 17 funciones
configurar_agente_devops.sh: 17 funciones
coordinador_sub_agentes.sh: 13 funciones
correccion_markdown.sh: 1 funciones
correccion_total_errores.sh: 0
0 funciones
corregir_advertencias.sh: 13 funciones
corregir_asistente_postinstalacion.sh: 7 funciones
corregir_error_postfix.sh: 21 funciones
corregir_problemas_seguridad.sh: 19 funciones
corregir_rutas_webmin.sh: 6 funciones
desinstalar.sh: 16 funciones
devops_master.sh: 18 funciones
diagnosticar_y_corregir_errores.sh: 11 funciones
diagnostico_completo.sh: 20 funciones
diagnostico_servidores_virtuales.sh: 14 funciones
diagnostico_ubuntu_webmin.sh: 20 funciones
generar_informe_seguridad_completo.sh: 18 funciones
generar_reporte_devops_final.sh: 16 funciones
github_webhook_integration.sh: 16 funciones
implementar_seguridad_pro_completa.sh: 15 funciones
implementar_seguridad_pro_macos.sh: 13 funciones
instalacion_github_unico.sh: 0
0 funciones
instalacion_sistema_mejorado.sh: 24 funciones
instalacion_un_comando.sh: 29 funciones
instalador_webmin_virtualmin_corregido.sh: 19 funciones
instalar_devops_completo.sh: 16 funciones
instalar_integracion.sh: 12 funciones
instalar_modulos_faltantes.sh: 13 funciones
instalar_postfix.sh: 5 funciones
instalar_webmin_virtualmin.sh: 4 funciones
instalar.sh: 15 funciones
integrar_validaciones_postfix.sh: 23 funciones
limpiar_duplicados_seguro.sh: 15 funciones
mantenimiento_sistema.sh: 14 funciones
monitor_despliegues.sh: 21 funciones
monitoreo_sistema.sh: 20 funciones
optimizacion_servidor_autonomo.sh: 22 funciones
orquestador_seguridad_pro.sh: 21 funciones
orquestador_verificacion_pro.sh: 19 funciones
postfix_validation_functions.sh: 8 funciones
programar_verificacion_seguridad.sh: 12 funciones
remediacion_total_webmin_virtualmin.sh: 15 funciones
reparador_ubuntu_webmin.sh: 18 funciones
revision_completa_master.sh: 14 funciones
revision_completa_sistema.sh: 17 funciones
revision_funciones_webmin.sh: 16 funciones
seguridad_avanzada_tunnel.sh: 20 funciones
servidor_publico_autonomo.sh: 15 funciones
sub_agente_actualizaciones.sh: 12 funciones
sub_agente_especialista_codigo.sh: 27 funciones
sub_agente_ingeniero_codigo.sh: 39 funciones
sub_agente_logs.sh: 14 funciones
sub_agente_monitoreo.sh: 9 funciones
sub_agente_optimizador.sh: 16 funciones
sub_agente_seguridad.sh: 12 funciones
test_funciones_macos.sh: 6 funciones
test_sistema_completo.sh: 9 funciones
validacion_final_sistema.sh: 7 funciones
verificacion_completa_funciones.sh: 24 funciones
verificacion_final_autonomo.sh: 22 funciones
verificacion_final_completa_ubuntu_debian.sh: 21 funciones
verificacion_final_completa.sh: 0
0 funciones
verificacion_profunda_paneles.sh: 29 funciones
verificacion_rapida_estado.sh: 12 funciones
verificacion_seguridad_produccion.sh: 5 funciones
verificacion_total_automatizada.sh: 6 funciones
verificador_servicios.sh: 3 funciones
verificar_actualizaciones.sh: 16 funciones
verificar_asistente_wizard.sh: 12 funciones
verificar_funcionamiento_completo_ubuntu_debian.sh: 9 funciones
verificar_funciones_pro_completas.sh: 15 funciones
verificar_funciones_pro_nativas.sh: 9 funciones
verificar_instalacion_un_comando.sh: 19 funciones
verificar_postfix_webmin.sh: 17 funciones
verificar_pro_simple.sh: 1 funciones
verificar_seguridad_completa.sh: 29 funciones
verificar_seguridad_webmin_virtualmin.sh: 15 funciones
verificar_sistema_pro.sh: 14 funciones
verificar_tunel_automatico_mejorado.sh: 21 funciones
verificar_tunel_automatico.sh: 16 funciones
virtualmin_postfix_check.sh: 2 funciones
webmin_postfix_check.sh: 1 funciones
